Reviewer 2 of ICRA 2014 submission 8

Comments to the author
======================

The paper introduced an open-source online testing platform
to test several scenarios involving large-scale human-swarm
interaction with a statistically-significant sample size.
The results of this research suggest valuable guidelines to
develop micro- and nano-robots and control large swarms of
them to perform manipulation tasks. The paper also provided
answers to two research questions regarding to the level of
state feedback (“Varying Visualization”, Page 5 in this
paper) in the previous research work which will be
presented at IROS 2013. However, this was not clearly
stated in the paper to show the research achievement of the
research group.

The data from Varying Number (Fig. 4) indicated an optimal
number of robots, perhaps due to the the relative sizes of
the robot, obstacles, and object. It is very intuitive that
the results of Varying Visualization also depend on
different
relative sizes and shapes of the object and the robot.
Having prior knowledge of the robot swarm (its sizes,
number) and having been experienced with controlling a
robot swarm in other experiments with Full-state feedback
may improve the player’s performance. Therefore, analysis
and discussion on this matter will provide insights for
sensing large micro- and nano-robot population.

The authors stated that the logical challenges of repeated
experiments with over one hundred robots prevented
large-scale tests; therefore, it is better to repeat
experiments with some similar scenarios using the online
testing platform. However, only one similar scenario was
found
(http://mrsl.rice.edu/sites/mrsl.rice.edu/files/papers/Mass
iveUniformManipulation_0.pdf, Fig. 7.3) and
comparison/achievements/lessons learned with this similar
scenerio were not clearly stated.

Some typos were found in the manuscript (See the
attachment)

Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

Very good and attractive